# A Note on RTP

Many of you have been saying that RTP has been not working super well, even after my complete rewrite of the 
system. I spent an hour debugging the system and found that I was handing the centre of the border at the wrong
point in my calculations.

As you possibly know, the default RTP kernels work three things (for x,z at least):

* The world centre
* The minimum radius from the world centre which is a valid RTP point
* The maximum radius from the world centre which is a valid RTP point

The way the calculation should work for `x` and `z` co-ordinates is as follows: 

* Get Java to return a random number between `0` and `max-min`, then adds `min`
* Determine whether the co-ordinate is positive or negative, multiplies the result above by `-1` or `1` to do this
* Add the corresponding x or z co-ordinate from the world spawn point

My mistake was that the second and third step were reversed. This incorrectly set the co-ordinates for three-quarters
of the co-ordinates (that is, if either or both of the signs determined in step 2 is negative). 
The further away your spawn point from `(0,0)`, the worse this bug became. The fix amounted to moving a right parenthesis. 

This did not affect any third party kernels, though I don't think that there are any at this time.

I am sorry if you've been tearing your hair out over this! 

# Bugfixes

* Fixed RTP incorrectly working out target co-ordinates when the centre of the border is not (0, 0) 
* Fix cryptic error message when using a warp to a world that can no longer be found
